I started this project approximately four and a half years ago. It is April 11th of 2024. It was, loosely speaking, October or November of 2020 when I started. It's a bit silly to call this a project. It is a project, but it is also a tool for other projects. It is art in its own right. It is also a medium within which I, and (if I'm very skilled, very persistent, very careful, and luckier than I am all of those) others. I'm making a language as a form of protest. I know in my heart and theorize with my mind that some of my difficulties in my native language, English, are due to the way English is. I'm sure some of them are issues that may arise with any language, but not all. I'll likely write about this later, but the short of it is that languages are complex enough and human brains are complex enough that I think its too restrictive of a claim to say that the troubles ADHD-diagnosed individuals have with language are issues found across any language. The same can be applied to troubles I have unrelated to my ADHD diagnosis. People often misunderstand either my argument or the point of doing this. With nearly all aspects of life that are a result of a society, including language, I have difficulty interacting. This is with language. This is with economics and education. This is with so many things. I believe wholeheartedly, that most of these are not due to these aspects being emergent properties of multiple consciousnesses -- in other words, I do not believe my mind works best alone-- rather, it is the arbitrary choices that my species, ancestors, and society have made to this point that cause most of these issues. I believe it is an issue of accessibility because with very few of these things have we thought and planned ahead. What I mean is that this is a language, a shout of rebellion [^1], a metaphor for all that I need to construct to be myself and function in the context in which I live,  an experiment, a joke, and so so much more. 

[^1]: Whether that is against my native language, society, my brain, or circumstance is and always will be a mystery

I don't know if that makes sense. I don't actually know if I agree with my wording. I hope to write out my thoughts in full soon, and perhaps upon doing so I'll find what I meant. 

Hello World
My first brick laid was the verb-tense system of which I am very proud and kind of (at this moment in time) forget. I have since developed a phonetic writing system that has 34 Consonants and 15 vowels. There will be one more symbol in its own category, some sounds may be removed or added, and there will be a set of clicks added to denote some syntactical structure. Which letters I end up using more or less will be a result of how the vocabulary, which has a total size of 0, develops. 

I have taken my first steps to organizing a structure for this project. I am digitizing as much of this as I can for the purposes of double checking translations and to retain information. The first goal is to have a method of adding letters and sounds that can then be combined into words. These structures need to have all the information that is encoded in the language. For instance, each letter so far contains information about how that sound is made. One can infer most of the sounds from the letters by only knowing a few rules. Once I have made words, then there will be morphology that contains syntactic information. I want a programming object that can take a root and generate all of the versions of that word. This will give me something to double check my work with and will highlight potential issues sooner than I could by hand. Perhaps one day, I will have rudimentary translation abilities on the computer. I would also like to develop a way for it to generate translation exercises for me. Perhaps ones that are aimed at preparing me for translating the works I want to translate. I will also hope to use LaTeX to neatly type out some things. 

I have this vision of a conglomeration of treatises, summaries, math and physics, jokes, diary entries, world building, and more all written in this language. Figures that demonstrate my point. Figures that don't. Figures that represent my point,  but perhaps abstractly and perhaps I won't elaborate on those. I like the idea that these may spark inspiration for a symbolic writing system for the language in addition to the phonetic one. I like the idea that in lieu of Declensions like Latin, I have pools of word families which share common sounds. This may, in my world building be attributed to different dialects or languages. This also will give me more room to make meaningful synonyms and experiment with how the language sounds. 